# Union Light Carrier Rio Grande // 2.21.5013u
The squad meets upon the Union carrier Rio Grande, an *Ebro* class transport ship, as they prepare for their first mission- a fairly standard security detail for a diplomatic expedition to **Cressidium**. They are joined by **Captain Brigid Farris**, **1st Lieutenant Alex Kim**, the shipboard NHP **Rio**, **Staff Sergeant Omari Garcia**, and **Union Ambassador Nilan Bannerjee**. This is Union's third diplomatic visit to Cressidium, as Union navigates the delicate process of negotiating Cressidium's readmittance into Union's care. Ambassador Bannerjee has been quite busy, but the squad has had little to do.

Geographically, Cressidium is a blessed planet, boasting natural conditions suitable for habitation, with a diverse human-compatiable climate and biosphere and av ariety of flora and fauna, including both native specimens and those introduced during colonization. Like Cradle, its surface is largely covered by water interspersed with large continental landmasses and island chains. Humanity has flourished in these conditions, forming a number of large nations.

Politically, Cressidium is far less peacable. Two of the three major nations on the world have been locked in a cold war for centuries. The **Leandric State Alliance** (LSA) began as an alliance of smaller nation-states allied against the **Vestan Sovereignty**, an expansionistic power founded by the descendents of military and political leaders who had fled to Cressidium to escape the collapse of SecComm- Union's previous ruling council.

Although the political situation is tense, the Sovereignty has nevertheless agreed to attend talks with the LSA during this diplomatic mission. Worryingly, the Sovereignty has recently suffered a series of assassinations, prompting a new wave of hardline nationalism, and the situation on the ground remains tense.

Cressidium has actively avoided the global spotlight after the fall of SecComm, and until recently was not aware of the rise of ThirdComm (Union's current ruling council). 

# Union Light Carrier Rio Grande // 4.16.5013u

