# Union Light Carrier Rio Grande // 2.21.5013u
The squad meets upon the Union carrier Rio Grande, an *Ebro* class transport ship, as they prepare for their first mission- a fairly standard security detail for a diplomatic expedition to **Cressidium**. They are joined by **Captain Brigid Farris**, **1st Lieutenant Alex Kim**, the shipboard NHP **Rio**, **Staff Sergeant Omari Garcia**, and **Union Ambassador Nilan Bannerjee**. This is Union's third diplomatic visit to Cressidium, as Union navigates the delicate process of negotiating Cressidium's readmittance into Union's care. Ambassador Bannerjee has been quite busy, but the squad has had little to do.

Geographically, Cressidium is a blessed planet, boasting natural conditions suitable for habitation, with a diverse human-compatiable climate and biosphere and av ariety of flora and fauna, including both native specimens and those introduced during colonization. Like Cradle, its surface is largely covered by water interspersed with large continental landmasses and island chains. Humanity has flourished in these conditions, forming a number of large nations.

Politically, Cressidium is far less peacable. Two of the three major nations on the world have been locked in a cold war for centuries. The **Leandric State Alliance** (LSA) began as an alliance of smaller nation-states allied against the **Vestan Sovereignty**, an expansionistic power founded by the descendents of military and political leaders who had fled to Cressidium to escape the collapse of SecComm- Union's previous ruling council.

Although the political situation is tense, the Sovereignty has nevertheless agreed to attend talks with the LSA during this diplomatic mission. Worryingly, the Sovereignty has recently suffered a series of assassinations, prompting a new wave of hardline nationalism, and the situation on the ground remains tense.

Cressidium has actively avoided the global spotlight after the fall of SecComm, and until recently was not aware of the rise of ThirdComm (Union's current ruling council). 

# Nov Elysia // 4.16.5013u

The party was awoken by a shipwide alarm, and the sound of Rio's normally chipper voice ordering all military units to prepare for deployment. Lt. Alex Kim revealed that civil defense warnings had been sounded across Nov Elysia. Immediately afterward, the Rio Grande lost contact with Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee due to a blanket communications jam across the surface of Cressidium. Kim makes it clear that at the moment, there is no intent for Union to go to war- however, he is authorizing a mission to go planetside and retrieve their VIPs from a volatile situation. 

## The Drop

The party deploys as part of the first wave on a dropship, intending to land near Forward Operating Base Saber and rendez-vous with Rio Grande elements established on the ground. However, before the party can successfully land, their dropship is fully cleaved in half by a large laser, piercing into the heavens, sending their ship crashing down to earth.

The party survives the fall, although both dropship pilots are killed upon impact. Moments after landing, the party is assaulted by mechs painted in the colors of the Vestan Sovereignty. Although the fight is close, the party manages to hold them off, destroying multiple mechs and forcing the rest to flee.

From the destroyed Sovereignty mechs, the party manages to salvage an artillery bombardment signal- gaining the ability to call in an artillery strike from the enemy's own weapons.

## On the Move in a Military Manner

The party proceeds onward through Nov Elysia. It becomes rapidly clear that this is a city at war- smog chokes the streets, and the sound of gunfire is never far away. As they proceed toward FOB Saber, our lancers stumble upon a small group of Leandric State Alliance soldiers, guarding a group of civilians. The soldiers surrender immediately, cowed by the size of the party's mechs, but after it becomes clear that the party is *not* from the Sovereignty, the LSA troops instead request help getting their bus of civilians to a nearby shelter. Khalid is unenthusiastic regarding this diversion in their mission, but the rest of the squad outvotes him.

The party successfully repairs the bus, but accidentally attracts the attention of hostile forces while attempting to scout a route, and is forced to escort the bus under heavy fire. The situation is close, but the party once more manages to fight the hostile forces off, though they sustain heavy damage in the process.

The rescued Elysian citizens pour into the safety of the shelter. A little girl gifts Nova her well-loved stuffed bunny before joining her family inside, while the grateful LSA soldiers brief the rest of the party on the surroundings- granting them a faster route toward FOB Saber and a better understanding of the city's geography.

## Downpour

After parting with their rescued civilians, the party continues their trek through the battered city. As they move, a heavy rain begins to fall, muddying visibility even further. Radio comms are still down upon the surface, and the party has nobody but each other for company.

At least until they encounter a makeshift blockade, constructed out of cargo crates and defunct train cars. Upon this blockade sits **VSAF C-47 TYFONAS**, a military mech armed with a truly worrisome number of long-range missile launchers and anti-air materiel. Before the party's very eyes, it proceeds to shoot down a Union reinforcement dropship, sending the unfortunate vessel careening to Earth somewhere in the distance.

The party uses their omnihook to call back to Rio Grande, requesting permission to engage- which Lt. Alex Kim readily grants. The information they learned from the LSA soldiers allows the party to deploy partway through the barricade, dodging around the killcone TYFONAS had prepared for incoming combatants, though they must still fight their way through TYFONAS's accompanying forces.

Astri scans the entire OPFOR, revealing a wealth of information about the enemies they face- including the first Elite they've ever encountered. Unlike the mechs from The Drop, who largely favored frontal assaults and physical endurance, these mechs seem decidedly more clever- with an array of abilities to control and batter the party while TYFONAS assaults them from afar.

Khalid uses their stolen Bombardment signal to nuke the OPFOR, dealing heavy damage, although the Sovereignty immediately realizes what has happened and locks them out. 

-- [ Log Incomplete; Situation in Progress. ] --
